Make knative build a module (#4606)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/knative-serving-crds-init/README.md

# Knative Serving CRDs

## Overview

>**NOTE**: This is an experimental module.

> This chart includes a pre install hook to delete the old CRDs before installing new CRDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This chart includes a pre-install hook used to delete the old CRDs before installing new CRDs.
```
Add a line, otherwise this part is included in the note.

# Knative Serving CRDs

## Overview

> This module is still experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**NOTE**: This is an experimental module.
```

> This chart includes [knative-serving-crds-int](https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/master/docs/serving) release files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This chart includes [knative-serving-crds-init](https://github.com/knative/docs/tree/master/docs/serving) release files.
```

> Delete the old crds if present before installing new crds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the old CRDs before installing new CRDs.
```

> We need to install crds before installing the actual resources since its a dependency for the resources being installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install CRDs before installing the actual resources as they depend on one another. 
```
But also question: do the actual resources depend on the CRDs (i understand it this way). If so in what way?

Author: This char is deleting the old crds if present. This is for upgrade case when we are upgrading the crds.

Author: fixed.
